Appease Lars Eggert's automated nit finder (#240)
ietf-wg-ohai/oblivious-http: draft-ietf-ohai-ohttp.md

these entities might need an arrangement similar to that between server and
relay for managing denial of service; see {{dos}}.

> Insecure requests - such as those with the "http" scheme as opposed to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-secure requests - such as those with the "http" scheme as opposed to the
```

This feels better to me, so I'd prefer to stick with non-secure.
